(DOCSP-31236) user role requirements for kafka connector (#195)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/introduction/connect.txt

To learn more about the connection URI format, see
:manual:`Connection String URI Format </reference/connection-string/>` in the MongoDB Manual.

Prerequisites
-------------

> To connect the {+conenctor+} to MongoDB, you need to set ``readWrite`` or 
> ``readAnyDatabase`` and ``clusterMonitor`` roles for the database user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect the {+conenctor+} to MongoDB, you must grant the database user either of the following:

- the ``readWrite`` role
- both the ``readAnyDatabase`` and ``clusterMonitor`` roles
```
